Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years.
Life is inherently risky. There is only one big risk you should avoid at all costs, and that is the risk of doing nothing.
We all have two lives. The second one starts when we realize we only have one.
You get in life what you have the courage to ask for.
People have different reasons for the way they live their lives. You cannot put everyone's reasons in the same box.
Mellow doesn't always make for a good story, but it makes for a good life.
Work like you don't need the money, love like you've never been hurt and dance like no one is watching.
When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one that has opened for us.
There comes a time when you have to choose between turning the page and closing the book.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
The purpose of life is not to be happy. It is to be useful, to be honorable, to be compassionate, to have it make some difference that you have lived and lived well.     
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
Life is a progress, and not a station.
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
It is not the length of life, but depth of life.     
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it.
Many of life's failures are experienced by people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
Life is about making an impact, not making an income. 
An unexamined life is not worth living.
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.  
Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
Life's too mysterious to take too serious.
It's not about how hard you can hit; it's about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.
Nothing in life is to be feared; it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more so that we may fear less. 
Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking.
Do not watch the clock. Do what it does. Keep going.
In youth we learn, in age we understand.  
The greatest use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it.
Never to do anything which I should be afraid to do if it were the last hour of my life.
Life must be lived and curiosity kept alive. One must never, for whatever reason, turn his back on life.
The game of life is not so much in holding a good hand as playing a poor hand well.
Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
Life is like walking through Paradise with peas in your shoes.
Most important thing in life ... is learning how to fall.
Life is all memory except for the one present moment that goes by so quick you can hardly catch it going.
Life is a spell so exquisite that everything conspires to break it.  
Life is a game. Money is how we keep score.
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
A life without cause is a life without effect.   
